MM includes some simple releasable nations to represent areas without a government.
If you want more than 1 type of these tags, use the "civilwar communism" console command while playing as them to get an extra nation.
By default, the nations are AuthRep. The other ideologies provide some minor alternatives, with a suggested description of what they mean/should be used for, 
although its really up to you. The ideology and name may not necessarily line up in all cases, so its recommended that you just go by the name.
These tags have cores on the "Watermark" state, which a state in the ocean near Iceland. The state is shapped like "MM". Use toolpack to release them.
 
Anarchy
    Conservative Republicanism - Rebels - To represent unorganized people rebelling against a government.
    Authoritarian Republicanism - Anarchy - Inhabited land without a real state
    Fascism - Chaos - A central government might have existed, but cannot maintain order due to widespread rioting etc.
    Vanguardism - Anarchist Communes - No real government, but small communes exist.
    Absolute Monarchism - Free Zone - an area that is considered part of a state, but that state has been subjugated by another power, leaving the
                             unoccupied areas (the free zone) in a state of effective anarchy. Basically modern day Western Sahara.
 
Bandits
    Conservative Republicanism - Raiders - Alternative name to bandits. No real difference.
    Authoritarian Republicanism - Bandits - An area that lacks a real government, but various unconnected bandit clans have control of most land
    Fascism - Warlord Cliques - An area ruled by warlords.
    Republican Fascism - Warlords - Alternative name to warlord cliques. No real difference.
    Vanguardism - Pirates - A coastal area that lacks a real government, but various unconnected pirate crews have control of most of the region.
    Absolute Monarchism - Bandit Kingdom - An area ruled by one bandit with centralized control. closer to a real nation. alternative name.
    
Tribes
    Conservative Republicanism - Tribals - alternative name to tribes. no real difference.
    Authoritarian Republicanism - Tribes - Loose groups of human tribes. Not technologically advanced and with no real nation.
    Fascism - Barbarians - Outwardly aggressive, expansionist tribals. Think Gauls
    Vanguardism - Tribal collective - an area ruled by multiple tribes with semicentralized control. somewhat closer to a real nation.
    Absolute Monarchism - Tribal Chiefdom - an area ruled by one tribe with centralized control. closer to a real nation.
 
Wasteland
    Conservative Republicanism - Inhospitable Land - Land that is not generally deadly to human life, but extremely difficult to live on
    Authoritarian Republicanism - Wasteland - Land that is generally uninhabitable
    Fascism - Death Zone - Land that is deadly to human life
    Vanguardism - Industrial Wasteland - Ruined cities and industrial zones that are largely uninhabited
    Absolute Monarchism - Nuclear Wasteland - Wasteland created by radiation. generally uninhabitable.
    Left Anarchism - Infected - Land that has been overrun by organisms with a disease - zombies, parasitic beings, et cetera.
 
Nomads
    Conservative Republicanism - Nomadic Tribes - More primitive type of nomadic tribe, as opposed to the general, nonaligned definition.
    Authoritarian Republicanism - Nomads - An area without a government. Its population live nomadic lifestyles.
    Fascism - Nomadic Hordes - Outwardly aggressive, expansionist nomads. Think mongols
    Vanguardism - Horselords - nomads that specifically use horses.
    Absolute Monarchism - Khanates - Nomadic chiefdoms of the Great Steppe region. The area is inhabited by multiple, independent Khanates.

International Zone 
    Conservative Republicanism - International Zone - An international zone like Tangiers or Shanghai.
    Authoritarian Republicanism - International Territory - An alternative name for an international zone
    Fascism - International Waters - For international waters if you want to do those, or any islands you want to include within them.
    Vanguardism - Demilitarized Zone - A demilitarized international zone.
    Absolute Monarchism - Neutral Zone - A neutral zone, somewhat similar to an international zone.

Unclaimed Land
	Only has one name, "Unclaimed" This tag is now applied to Antarctica by default, while the watermark state contains a blank white nation with no name.

Disputed Territory
	Only has one name, "Disputed Territory"