Q: What version of the game is this for?
A: Mappa Mundi currently works for 1.14.10

Q: How do I play this?
A: You don't. Mappa Mundi is designed as a mapping tool, and is not unpausable.

Q: Some nations have no flag.
A: The anarchy releasables lack a flag deliberately due to not being countries. Some countries may not have a flag if they did not have one historically, such as Saudi Arabia or Ethiopia. In addition, some newly-added releasables may not have a flag, either due to them not having one
   or because they have not been added yet. If a country that exists by default has no flag, you may have a missing file or some form of glitch, so you should reinstall the mod
   before bringing the missing flag to the attention of the developers.

Q: What do all the ideologies mean?
A: See this list:
	Total Anarchism - No real government. Also used for tribes, since they are not a really a nation.
	Left Anarchism - "Anarchism" that is left wing, like Anarcho-Syndicalism.
	Right Anarchism - "Anarchism" that is right wing, like Anarcho-Capitalism
	Vanguardism - Authoritarian communism, such as Stalinism and Maoism.
	Collectivism - Less authoritarian communism.
	Socialist Republicanism - Non-communist socialism, such as democratic socialism or social democracies.
	Socialist Monarchism - Socialism that retains a monarchy.
	Liberal Republicanism - A Democratic Republic with an elected head of state. This country is led by a liberal government.
	Conservative Republicanism - A Democratic Republic with an elected head of state. This country is led by a conservative government.
	Liberal Monarchism - A Democratic country with a constitutional monarch in a largely ceremonial role as head of state. This country is led by a conservative government.
	Conservative Monarchism - A Democratic country with a constitutional monarch in a largely ceremonial role as head of state. This country is led by 
	Centrist Republicanism - A democratic republic with an elected head of state, led by a centrist government.	
	Centrist Monarchism - A constitutional monarchy with a centrist government.
	Authoritarian Democracy - Countries that claim to be democratic, but aren't really. Examples include inter-war Poland or Salazarian Portugal.
	Stratocracy - Military dictatorships.
	Stratocratic Monarchy - Military dictatorships with a figurehead monarchy, like Greece.
	Authoritarian Monarchist - Countries where the monarch has more power than a constitutional monarch, but is not an absolute monarch, like the German Empire. Also includes colonies of monarchies like the British african colonies.
	Fascist - Fascism where the monarch remains, like fascist Italy.
	Republican Fascism - Fascism where there is no monarch, like the Italian Social Republic or Francoist Spain in the 1940s.
	National Socialist - Run by the NSDAP, or a party with very similar ideals.
	Theocracy - Countries ruled by a religious leader.

Q: Why did events/scenarios take so long?
A: Some events usually take 5-20 Minutes to complete, and that's normal. Just wait for it.

Q: Where can I find more information?
A: Join the discord: https://discord.gg/mappa-mundi-707495457525465171